[Music]
there but man I think that I think
that I did see a program, it's clear he
's looking forward to it and I think that José Antonio
also knows if there has been in fact
we have made it clear if I at the
beginning of all this also called him
well not only for
television issues but because I was
following some specific topic to
give reason and I called him and being a
Gatell person before many years ago I also
spoke with Gloria from time to time who
seemed to me like the clearest like the most
reliable also of the family because
Amador as he has a lot to keep quiet so
I understand that here
many things have happened and what I was telling you that not
everyone has behaved well and well I
can tell you Amador will not have
behaved well with his niece April in
some things that she will have discovered there was
a lot of talk for example already always
thrown in blame about the moon in a thousand of
Antonio Davis but it is not true or so he
knows about that subject they know something because it
was a subject that we did in the
agency we were not the only agency
did the honeymoon but what  Yes, I
can guarantee you that the
tip-off didn't hit Amador Mohedano
Antonio. I saw her in 2011. He was the first to
make the accusation. He
has no idea because he doesn't
know that. I suppose that for whatever reason,
they pointed them out as a
suspicion that they could have, as if to say,
how is it possible that these people arrive
before us? I'll explain it to you
because I'm not going to harm my
colleagues. I'm not going to say how it
works, but more or less it's
information, write cases. It's information, it
's not a job because a honeymoon is
organized for us from one day to the next. Although
she says that she didn't know where she was going
because it was a surprise, but you have to
get some money, you have to do things
that you can follow because
nobody knew, so of course that's why they
accuse Amador. But let's say that we
have arrived, we have done reports,
even on the King and Queen, Felipe and
Letizia, in places that you can imagine, how
protected that information is and with
what a mafia mentality we have to travel and
sometimes we arrive before or sat and it
means that I'm not going to tell you how we
do our job but that  I
think it's very daring to point the finger at Amador
even though he was the only one who knew this at the time
because it's not true that he
tipped off the Afro, except in my
case, our Antonio had it in his day, not
only does he point them out but he also
puts a figure on what Amador charged
for selling that information, well because
that would be the calculation he had of
how much they were paid or a
honeymoon, I understand well, what I
can tell you is one thing that Antonio
Davis learned the business from Rocio
Carrasco
from her
in which Rocio Carrasco, I think it was while
fighting with Karmele, she's telling him,
well, goals, olé, whoever can live off
this can come here to the shows, that they
can live without working because it
gives you what you work for, well you know, she said it like
that, but it's true that he learns from
her, I mean, look at
the 18 years of relationship for Rascón, which
is when she turns 18, she leaves
Argentona, she does the report on her
18 years, already charging an exclusive, something that they do
n't know at home.  styled because his
mother gave away the reports
gave them away it's that it is not finished
adapting because of course these experts who
in fact discuss it with my audience the
achieved ones and has spoken about his private life
in interviews with the written press in a plan
a good I have had a bad streak with
Pedro because we get along so-so we
argue hand and foot with something
rational the jury treated us the press would
say to my children of the press I think
with that I tell you he
treated us all phenomenally then of course
us in gratitude well we have always
treated her very well
for example now because she makes with the
resources of some agreement a report
that tells her in Cali in Colombia
on New Year's Eve and then
many years ago I think it was in the
year 96
imagine if years ago we started back
we started to transmit the photos through the
internet that to send a
photo yes
no
you can't imagine and we
having means that the common ones did not have
because we already began to
invest in it well
logically we showed her the
photos or I mean as soon as we took them come on
look any one is this one is there  there is
her elegy because each and no
then they did not retouch they began to
retouch their a little later
because she gave me an exclusive bomb
telling me that they were thinking of adopting two
Chinese girls then in the end they adopted
the Colombians because Colombian children
but at that moment she was already thinking of adopting
two Chinese girls that she spoke about her
life with total freedom and you of course
to a serious undergraduate degree or see something that she
said because we did not do it
because we had respect and
affection for her and she already behaved well with us
that we have always protected equally
what you sow what you reap exactly
but for example Rocío Carrasco because what she
was telling you about her 18th birthday
does a report that works that at 18
years old and
that day at the moment that they turn
18 but the fact is that she had already been on the sidelines
of Antonio David
Antonio avidity and she whistled a little that leaving
her house but Rocío Carrasco had
always had that she was leaving at 18 years old
[Music]